[Wrangler] add documentation for wrangler whoami in commands.md (#5582)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/wrangler/commands.md

- [`pages`](#pages) - Configure Cloudflare Pages.
- [`login`](#login) - Authorize Wrangler with your Cloudflare account using OAuth.
- [`logout`](#logout) - Remove Wrangler’s authorization for accessing your account.

> - [`whoami`](#whoami) - Retrieve your user info and test your auth config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`whoami`](#whoami) - Retrieve your user information and test your authentication configuration.
```

2. Go to **Overview** > **Get your API token** in the right-side menu.
3. Select the three-dot menu on your Wrangler token.
4. Select **Delete**.

---

## whoami

> Retrieve your user info and test your auth config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieve your user information and test your authentication configuration.
```
